UNIT FILE                                  STATE   
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static  
org.freedesktop.hostname1.busname          static  
org.freedesktop.import1.busname            static  
org.freedesktop.locale1.busname            static  
org.freedesktop.login1.busname             static  
org.freedesktop.machine1.busname           static  
org.freedesktop.network1.busname           static  
org.freedesktop.resolve1.busname           static  
org.freedesktop.systemd1.busname           static  
org.freedesktop.timedate1.busname          static  
dev-hugepages.mount                        static  
dev-mqueue.mount                           static  
proc-fs-nfsd.mount                         static  
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              static  
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static  
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static  
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static  
tmp.mount                                  static  
var-lib-machines.mount                     static  
var-lib-nfs-rpc_pipefs.mount               static  
cups.path                                  enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static  
session-1.scope                            static  
session-2.scope                            static  
abrt-ccpp.service                          enabled 
abrt-journal-core.service                  disabled
abrt-oops.service                          enabled 
abrt-pstoreoops.service                    disabled
abrt-vmcore.service                        enabled 
abrt-xorg.service                          enabled 
abrtd.service                              enabled 
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled 
alsa-restore.service                       static  
alsa-state.service                         static  
arp-ethers.service                         disabled
atd.service                                enabled 
auditd.service                             enabled 
auth-rpcgss-module.service                 static  
autofs.service                             disabled
autovt@.service                            disabled
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled 
blk-availability.service                   disabled
bluetooth.service                          enabled 
brltty.service                             disabled
canberra-system-bootup.service             disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service    disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service           disabled
certmonger.service                         disabled
chrony-dnssrv@.service                     static  
chrony-wait.service                        disabled
chronyd.service                            enabled 
cockpit.service                            static  
colord.service                             static  
configure-printer@.service                 static  
console-getty.service                      disabled
console-shell.service                      disabled
container-getty@.service                   static  
corosync-notifyd.service                   disabled
corosync.service                           disabled
crond.service                              enabled 
cups-browsed.service                       disabled
cups.service                               enabled 
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled 
dbus-org.fedoraproject.rolekit1.service    enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service      disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     enabled 
dbus.service                               static  
debug-shell.service                        disabled
display-manager.service                    enabled 
dm-event.service                           disabled
dnf-makecache.service                      static  
dnf-system-upgrade.service                 disabled
dnsmasq.service                            disabled
docker-storage-setup.service               disabled
docker.service                             disabled
dracut-cmdline.service                     static  
dracut-initqueue.service                   static  
dracut-mount.service                       static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                   static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                   static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                 static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                    static  
dracut-shutdown.service                    static  
ebtables.service                           disabled
emergency.service                          static  
fancontrol.service                         disabled
fedora-autorelabel-mark.service            static  
fedora-autorelabel.service                 static  
fedora-domainname.service                  disabled
fedora-import-state.service                static  
fedora-loadmodules.service                 static  
fedora-readonly.service                    static  
firewalld.service                          disabled
fprintd.service                            static  
fstrim.service                             static  
fwupd-offline-update.service               static  
fwupd.service                              static  
fwupdate-cleanup.service                   static  
gdm.service                                enabled 
geoclue.service                            static  
getty@.service                             enabled 
gssproxy.service                           disabled
halt-local.service                         static  
htcacheclean.service                       static  
httpd.service                              disabled
hypervfcopyd.service                       disabled
hypervkvpd.service                         disabled
hypervvssd.service                         disabled
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static  
initrd-cleanup.service                     static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static  
initrd-switch-root.service                 static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static  
ipmievd.service                            enabled 
ipsec.service                              disabled
irda.service                               disabled
irqbalance.service                         enabled 
iscsi-shutdown.service                     static  
iscsi.service                              enabled 
iscsid.service                             disabled
iscsiuio.service                           disabled
kdump.service                              disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static  
ldconfig.service                           static  
libvirt-guests.service                     disabled
libvirtd.service                           enabled 
lm_sensors.service                         enabled 
lvm2-lvmetad.service                       disabled
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                      disabled
lvm2-monitor.service                       enabled 
lvm2-pvscan@.service                       static  
mcelog.service                             enabled 
mdadm-grow-continue@.service               static  
mdadm-last-resort@.service                 static  
mdmon@.service                             static  
mdmonitor.service                          enabled 
messagebus.service                         static  
mlocate-updatedb.service                   static  
ModemManager.service                       enabled 
multipathd.service                         enabled 
netcf-transaction.service                  enabled 
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          disabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         disabled
NetworkManager.service                     disabled
nfs-blkmap.service                         disabled
nfs-config.service                         static  
nfs-idmap.service                          static  
nfs-idmapd.service                         static  
nfs-lock.service                           static  
nfs-mountd.service                         static  
nfs-secure.service                         static  
nfs-server.service                         disabled
nfs-utils.service                          static  
nfs.service                                disabled
nscd.service                               disabled
nslcd.service                              enabled 
ntpd.service                               enabled 
ntpdate.service                            enabled 
numad.service                              disabled
oddjobd.service                            disabled
openhpid.service                           disabled
openvpn@.service                           disabled
packagekit-offline-update.service          static  
packagekit.service                         static  
pcscd.service                              indirect
plymouth-halt.service                      disabled
plymouth-kexec.service                     disabled
plymouth-poweroff.service                  disabled
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 disabled
plymouth-quit.service                      disabled
plymouth-read-write.service                disabled
plymouth-reboot.service                    disabled
plymouth-start.service                     disabled
plymouth-switch-root.service               static  
polkit.service                             static  
pppoe-server.service                       disabled
psacct.service                             disabled
qemu-guest-agent.service                   static  
quotaon.service                            static  
radvd.service                              disabled
rc-local.service                           static  
rdisc.service                              disabled
realmd.service                             static  
rescue.service                             static  
rngd.service                               enabled 
rolekit.service                            enabled 
rpc-gssd.service                           static  
rpc-statd-notify.service                   static  
rpc-statd.service                          static  
rpcbind.service                            indirect
rsyslog.service                            enabled 
rtkit-daemon.service                       enabled 
saned@.service                             indirect
saslauthd.service                          disabled
serial-getty@.service                      disabled
sheepdog.service                           disabled
smartd.service                             enabled 
speech-dispatcherd.service                 disabled
spice-vdagentd.service                     enabled 
sshd-keygen.service                        static  
sshd.service                               enabled 
sshd@.service                              static  
sssd-secrets.service                       indirect
sssd.service                               disabled
storaged.service                           static  
stunnel.service                            disabled
syslog.service                             enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static  
systemd-backlight@.service                 static  
systemd-binfmt.service                     static  
systemd-bootchart.service                  disabled
systemd-bus-proxyd.service                 static  
systemd-firstboot.service                  static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static  
systemd-fsck@.service                      static  
systemd-halt.service                       static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static  
systemd-hibernate.service                  static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static  
systemd-importd.service                    static  
systemd-initctl.service                    static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service     static  
systemd-journal-flush.service              static  
systemd-journald.service                   static  
systemd-kexec.service                      static  
systemd-localed.service                    static  
systemd-logind.service                     static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static  
systemd-machined.service                   static  
systemd-modules-load.service               static  
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled
systemd-nspawn@.service                    disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                   static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static  
systemd-random-seed.service                static  
systemd-reboot.service                     static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static  
systemd-resolved.service                   disabled
systemd-rfkill@.service                    static  
systemd-suspend.service                    static  
systemd-sysctl.service                     static  
systemd-sysusers.service                   static  
systemd-timedated.service                  masked  
systemd-timesyncd.service                  disabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static  
systemd-udevd.service                      static  
systemd-update-done.service                static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                static  
systemd-user-sessions.service              static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service             static  
tcsd.service                               disabled
timedatex.service                          enabled 
tog-pegasus.service                        disabled
udisks2.service                            enabled 
unbound-anchor.service                     static  
upower.service                             disabled
usbmuxd.service                            static  
user@.service                              static  
vgauthd.service                            enabled 
virtlockd.service                          indirect
vmtoolsd.service                           enabled 
vncserver@.service                         disabled
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static  
winbind.service                            disabled
wpa_supplicant.service                     disabled
xl2tpd.service                             disabled
xrdp-sesman.service                        enabled 
xrdp.service                               enabled 
yum-makecache.service                      static  
-.slice                                    static  
machine.slice                              static  
system.slice                               static  
user.slice                                 static  
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled 
cockpit.socket                             enabled 
cups.socket                                enabled 
dbus.socket                                static  
dm-event.socket                            enabled 
httpd.socket                               disabled
iscsid.socket                              enabled 
iscsiuio.socket                            enabled 
libvirtd.socket                            static  
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                        enabled 
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                       enabled 
nscd.socket                                disabled
pcscd.socket                               enabled 
rpcbind.socket                             enabled 
saned.socket                               disabled
sshd.socket                                disabled
sssd-secrets.socket                        disabled
syslog.socket                              static  
systemd-bus-proxyd.socket                  static  
systemd-initctl.socket                     static  
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static  
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static  
systemd-journald.socket                    static  
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static  
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static  
virtlockd.socket                           disabled
basic.target                               static  
bluetooth.target                           static  
busnames.target                            static  
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static  
cryptsetup.target                          static  
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled
default.target                             enabled 
emergency.target                           static  
final.target                               static  
getty.target                               static  
graphical.target                           static  
halt.target                                disabled
hibernate.target                           static  
hybrid-sleep.target                        static  
initrd-fs.target                           static  
initrd-root-fs.target                      static  
initrd-switch-root.target                  static  
initrd.target                              static  
kexec.target                               disabled
local-fs-pre.target                        static  
local-fs.target                            static  
machines.target                            disabled
multi-user.target                          enabled 
network-online.target                      static  
network-pre.target                         static  
network.target                             static  
nfs-client.target                          enabled 
nss-lookup.target                          static  
nss-user-lookup.target                     static  
paths.target                               static  
poweroff.target                            disabled
printer.target                             static  
reboot.target                              disabled
remote-fs-pre.target                       static  
remote-fs.target                           enabled 
rescue.target                              disabled
rpcbind.target                             static  
runlevel0.target                           disabled
runlevel1.target                           disabled
runlevel2.target                           static  
runlevel3.target                           static  
runlevel4.target                           static  
runlevel5.target                           static  
runlevel6.target                           disabled
shutdown.target                            static  
sigpwr.target                              static  
sleep.target                               static  
slices.target                              static  
smartcard.target                           static  
sockets.target                             static  
sound.target                               static  
spice-vdagentd.target                      static  
suspend.target                             static  
swap.target                                static  
sysinit.target                             static  
system-update.target                       static  
time-sync.target                           static  
timers.target                              static  
umount.target                              static  
chrony-dnssrv@.timer                       disabled
dnf-makecache.timer                        enabled 
fstrim.timer                               disabled
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                   static  
mlocate-updatedb.timer                     enabled 
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static  
unbound-anchor.timer                       enabled 
yum-makecache.timer                        disabled

387 unit files listed.
